What is your perfect gaming experience corner? What is your perfect game? No,
off. Play whatever. Say that.
Why do you play so well? That's a good question. Jerry addiction.
There should be a systems.
What the hell you mean?
But league addiction is a thing.
Don't try to show me that you don't try to tell me.
League addiction is not a thing. It is a thing.
I mean, it's,
you have to try very hard to ruin your life with a league addiction.
You have to really be on that path. Um, but I don't know. Perfect game for me.
I don't know. Maybe like something like one of the halo games,
it was a very good game. Perfect game experience. You get a good game.
Maybe some of the ways some of them had like DLC, but was like,
Oh gee halo. Yeah. Oh, gee here. Hello. One, two, hello,
one or two really good games.
Just a game that has an experience that is when it's over.
It's like a current game.
A current game was Haiti's is probably the best game I've played recently.
Right? That's a fantastic example of a game. No DLC, no. You just play the game.
You know, you get the story. If you want that. I'm not into that. That ain't me.
So the game played amazing to me.
To me, like I, 90% of the games I ever play, I don't finish.
I don't know why such I can weak mindset. Like I get to a point.
During sex and you just walk out halfway through.
[Inaudible] 40 to 50 hours. I don't play.
Fantasy. I don't, I don't play your coups, Atlanta, those long games.
So that's the longest get my players like blue dragon or some. And I was like,
I have to be like.
We invested in this stuff. And I'm the type of guy who, you know,
I get really into a game. And then I hit a route like the 20 hour Mark.
And then I still have a quarter of the story left or a quarter of the gameplay
left. And I feel like I've gotten everything out of that game that I need to do.
And then I just stopped playing. Know what I mean?
Like part of a big reason why I, you know,
even with Gacha games is that if there's not that's reason for me to keep
playing or if there's not that if I'm not getting something new out of it,
then I.
Drop it. What do you mean? It's just a daily question every day.
Sometimes I like the story. Sometimes I, you know, sometimes it is, you know,
sometimes I'm sometimes you want to get that grind for that character. The,
you said story, he just checked out.
I could see his brain just power down.
I don't fathom why people want to grind. Like why,
why aren't people put themselves through that? It's it's torture. I mean, it's,
it's kinda like just that mindless task, right?
Do you feel like you're accomplishing something?
I know you're telling me that league, isn't a grind after a point it's a grind.
It's just, it's just a grind with more complicated controls.
You know what I mean?
Like a win or a loss have different outcomes, grind. There's only one outcome.
You just win. You just, you do the thing that you meant to do.
And then you've already planned how you grind you. But it's like, all right,
I've got my spreadsheet out.
It's going to take eight years of grinding of killing these balls.
What is, what, what is that? We have a sprint.
No, but in your mind, it's like,
I'm going to do this mindless task five times to get this.
What is the end goal of league? There is no end goal.
It's like self-improvement in mechanics.
That's exactly right. Because that's my problem with competitive games. I,
you know, you, every time we get to do a competitive game,
whether it be league Overwatch, um,
Valor and whatever is like the golden period is the first time when you're
learning the game. Right? And they start getting good at the game.
And then you start learning the systems and then you start the ranks.
You start the ranks playing, you start climbing. That's when the game is fun.
When you feel like what you've learned has had a tangible effect, right?
But everyone, everyone will hit that ball.
Everyone will hit that wall where you climb as hard as you can,
unless you're fake or something you've won.
And then you've won like the ball tournament. That's cause that's,
that is basically the only end goal.
There can be in any competitive game to be the best in the world. Right.
And so everyone will reach a point where it becomes a grind because there's,
there's no way that you can overcome that wall without grinding your weight,
overcome that war. And then that's a self-improvement and then you reach.
And then after you do that, you reach another wall and another wall after.
But it's constantly like improving a skill, but in like GLP GS, and you know,
Gacha games often it requires no skill to do the grinding. In fact,
they requires the opposite.
What I'm saying is you feel like you're because the whole you're working towards
a goal.
You're you're you're like you talked about self-improvement while you're working
towards a goal, you're you're gaining something to us. Gacha games is just that.
I mean, like we've, we've not just gadget games, but like,
I'm pretty sure I'd like any MMO, right. When you're grinding,
you just feel like you're making progress towards something. You just,
you're just.
That's like fun to people. Just having the thing,
like the super easy thing to just play out.
And you're like not engaged at all just because you're going towards.
Yeah. You know,
sometimes I don't want to feel when I've played five league games and lost five
in a row. And I've just like play games to have fun. It's it's, it's just like,
you're just activating, like the neurons. You don't need to worry about it.
Like being lost. I just liked being challenged constantly.
Like I want something that like is challenging.
You always like at the moment you grind died, what do you mean?
I don't know why I like being challenged.
Do you not feel like competitive games gets, get to grind, get,
get to a grind after a point? Do you not feel like.
You gets to a point where I feel like, okay, I genuinely think,
unless I put X amount of effort, I'm not gonna improve at this game.
I normally just quit at that point because I'm like, all right.
I feel like I've gotten all the challenge I can out of this game in a reasonable
amount of time. I'm going to find something else.
Yeah. And that's exactly the same for me when I,
when it reached the point where I reached that grind.
Gotcha. Games have auto-play so what are you doing? Sorry? What are you doing?
Are you, do you find that [inaudible].
Yeah. I mean, that's, that's why, that's why, you know,
the only times I'm okay with autoplay is when it's on a mobile,
because that's staring at my phone while it's auto playing the entire time I'm
doing other.
Yeah. But I haven't,
because I've been out with you and your auto playing on the thing and you gotta
like keep track of it a little bit, make sure it's all going well, you're like,
okay.
For like two seconds, you also can't use.
Your phone in that time because you're doing the mission.
So you can't apply to any other things to do. Then look at my phone.
I have emails to reply to Joey. I have, you know, messages.
I've got to reply to you, man. You know, it's busy life. But.
You know.
I also would like not my battery,
which is like really annoying on the Gacha games is that when I was playing arc
nights, my I had to carry a spare charger with me everywhere, dying.
When Gacha games stopped,
getting fun is the moment I start thinking about optimization because when I
start thinking about optimization, I'm just like, okay, now, now I'm just,
now I'm just like.
Right. The challenge for me in,
because once I figured out how I can optimize this game,
maximize that it's not funny,
but I figured that out immediately because of all the online and everyone tells
you how to do it. So I want you to, you've seen the spreadsheet.
You basically like just willingly as like,
I just figured out a way to make this game not fun when you're stuck,
when you're, when you're opening up a spreadsheets and you know,
actually you're thinking about how to optimize this and optimize that.
That's when it stops getting fun.
I just like the experience of just doing like a very,
like a very simple activity. I don't need to worry about it.
And I just feel like I'm gaining something and it's not,
I'm not going to say that, Hey, this is the peak of all entertainment.
This is why I play video. I guess. I know what I mean.
It's just a nice little thing in the bathroom.
I don't understand, like my brain can not wrap around the thought of just,
I'm just progressing.
Beyond the monkey brain. And.
To me, the idea of progressing to a goal without actually doing anything,
it seems like the dumbest thing ever. Like why,
how is it a goal if you're not progress.
Because life is stressful enough, bro. Like
really a challenge. We don't want another challenge on the side.
Distress by getting like challenged to do stuff outside of like,
because there's no pressure. If I lose in a ranked game, I don't give a.
It's my I'm not going to get my mortgage taken away from me. Like I said,
nothing like that. Right.
With a mindset like that. I'm surprised you're not a speed runner. No, no, no,
no, because that's the exact same mentality I feel.
No, no, no, no. That's psychosis. Cause that's like,
I want the same experience again with a minute difference. That,
that to me like blows my mind.
Like that's exactly what I'm hearing right now. No.
Because when I get done with the challenge I'm done, I'm done with another game,
right? Like these speed runners will spend like two months to get a one second
optimization. Right. And I'm like all of that optimization. Yeah.
And other things, but not my, not my like complete my fun.
Like my fun is learning something and getting better at it. Like I.
I mean,
wouldn't you say that that is speed runners because they're learning a game.
An obsessive amount though.
I think like I get it this cause I've I got into like speed running,
like cop had at one point that was quite fun because I was seeing good
improvements.
But the moment it became not fun is when I would do a 40 minute run and I was
just like, whatever, you know what to do now,
I didn't really see much in to improve.
And then I would look on the line and I'll be like, okay, I guess I can,
I can do this. But then yeah.
Show the mechanical aspect of trying to get better at like a certain thing was
better, but it was a challenge, but it was, it was, it was not.
When you play against other players,
there is always in constant direct challenge facing you.
And every second there is constant decisions you have to make to outplay.
And every new game is a new experience. Right?
There's a lot of things that are the same. But with the speed run,
I think the problem I have with it is that it's always like we follow the
formula and then we try and improve on the formula a little by little,
which is not kind of fun because if you're doing, like,
when people do like three hour games, that speed runs,
it's like they might do like a two second optimization here and then redo
everything the same way. Right. That sounds like insanity to me.
You're not changing anything. There's no variation.
You're just changing one detail, constantly trying to improve it. And sure.
I can understand why that's fun to someone, but for me, I can't do that.
And I just, I just can't get invested in that. That's just not what I do.
Well, do you get invested in then,
like self-improvement what is your definition of fun?
What is fun?
It's a skill. Right?
And then seeing how well I can apply the skill on the fly to things like how
well I can learn it and adapt to situations is what's fun to me.
I like losing because that means I can get back.
For me. I play video games. Cause I just like escapism, escapism. Yeah.
To me video games. I like, I do this, I do that enough in my real life.
You know what I mean? If,
if probably that's probably why I watch so many Eastern Carolina,
I'm just realizing this now man. But no, like I gave to another world, but yeah,
it's, it's just like, I want to do something where it's, you know,
sometimes with Gacha games, you know,
there's no way you could lose that a gotcha game unless you were spending money.
But like, like in terms of like the grindy and the progress,
there's no way to lose against it. Yeah.
So you just don't like losing. Hm. You don't like losing, like losing,
losing experience. No,
it's not every fighting game players obsessed with losing. I swear.
Was psychotic. That's like some martial arts mantra dog. Yes.